senator Elizabeth Warren has yet to
endorse her candidate and just signed
off on the Senate's her own of iris
relief plan and she's joining us live
right now from Boston hey senator hey
how you doing Whoopi
I'm good now yesterday the Senate
finally voted to pass the Emergencies
stimulus bill yeah what are the most
important things we need to know about
this and how it will help the American
people what's your take on it right so
the number one thing is that it puts
more money into testing and make sure
that testing is going to be free for
everybody which is a really important
public health we don't want anybody not
to get tested because they're worried
that they can't pay for it so that
part's going to be fixed
the other part of this is to start to
provide paid sick leave and I say start
because it's a first step it's important
it recognizes that people who have to
count on a paycheck may have to make
that call about whether or not to miss
that paycheck or go to work when they're
not feeling well or when they've got
someone at home they need to take care
of and that's not where we want people
to be so this starts by providing some
federal money for paid sick leave the
problem is it's just not big enough it's
only covering maybe one out of four
workers and not the other three out of
four so where I'm focused now I'm glad
we voted yesterday but where I'm focused
is on the next package because this is
the one that needs to make sure we've
covered ourselves entirely on the health
care front and that we're starting to
make the right kind of response on the
economic front people out of work
business is shutting down that part of
the fallout from the coronavirus hello
senator Warren it's Megan thank you for
coming on today look there's a lot of
anxiety here in New York the president
has been giving us a lot of mixed
messages for over a week now and it's
making a lot of us really scared and
angry here in New York City we only have
20,000 hospital beds and ten
thousand ventilators we were talking
earlier about the masked shortage for
nurses and doctors Trump has given
himself a ten out of ten for this
response the pandemic all I can tell you
is that there's a lot of people that are
really scared in this city right now and
don't feel safe and don't feel like we
have access to testing what do you say
to people who are feeling really anxious
in the city right now because of the
poor response from the White House so I
understand and look the president is
going to continue to rate himself very
highly at a time when his administration
and he have failed miserably but the
question is not what's gone wrong it's
what do we do to fix it and what do we
do to fix it now so I'm working hard
along with others to push enough federal
money out there so that our hospitals at
least have the resources to be able to
get the supplies they need and to make
sure that the CDC and other public
health officials can do what they can
commandeer resources bring those
resources in so that people have masks
so that people have protective gear my
focus and my concern is actually on
supporting the scientists and the
doctors I'm very worried about the fact
that our health care professionals are
not fully protected that they don't have
the protective gear that they need
because they're putting their lives on
the line there that they are our
frontlines and when our nurses get sick
when our doctors get sick when the other
supporting health care professionals get
sick that has effects on all of us so I
think we need an intense focus on making
sure they get what they need the second
part is all of us should be following
the public health guidelines on self
isolating to the extent possible
watching every part of it because that
at least slows down the number of people
who end up catching this and going to
the emergency rooms and putting more
pressure on our healthcare system so
this is one where we help each other by
taking care of ourselves and our
children and our parents
making sure that we're neither spreading
nor contracting this disease as much as
we possibly can